[Music]
I'm not asking for sympathy
scratch that
[Music]
what's your name
Nathaniel Anthony Ayers unions
you only got two straight had a few
setbacks me too hi this is Steve Lopez
from the LA Times I'm calling to see if
anethe annual airs attended your school
he was the most gifted kid I've ever met
I'm gonna write a column about infinite
hurt you're just playing with two
strings cover that it's a gift
what does he have schizophrenia will you
fly that plane no I'm right here I'm not
always so sure it was going on he has no
idea what he's your friend is downstairs
I don't take full responsibility
responsibility he's sick and he needs
some psychiatric hospital or do you use
me a friend come on you can do it
a year ago I met a man who was down on
his luck he's got a gift and thought I
might be able to help you
[Music]
when asleep discouraged
do you think I could be good again and
the power of his art he loves music
being his friend will carry you home
[Music]
when the closest thing to family he has
we take care of each other
we look after each other
I'm his friend
[Music]